---
title: The Burnout Generation
---


# Backlinks
## [August 11th, 2020](<August 11th, 2020>)
- [BookNotes](<BookNotes>) [The Burnout Generation](<The Burnout Generation>)
    - The book is very US-centric, for this reason alone it is not recommended for people living outside US.
    - With the way the US works, we see it's a perfect ground for burnout: student debt, expensive health care, crazy real estate prices.
    - The majority of people in the US have a lot of responsibilities due to the above facts, but very little control over how to approach them.
    - Responsibility without agency is a simple way to burnout (illustrated with a case of social workers).
    - The only universal insights I found in this book are those that mirrored Viktor Frankl's "A Man's Search for Meaning" and Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi "Flow".
    - If your job or life doesn't have a meaning, you'll burn out quickly.
    - If your job or life provides flow (the feeling of getting lost in an activity that provides just enough challenge to keep you stimulated) you'll be less prone to burnout.
    - Coding is a career that is known to provide flow which is good. On the other hand, it can also provide responsibility without agency which is burnout-inducing.
    - Your job is not your life. Your job is not who you are. Defining yoursefl only in terms of your job and professional achievements is a way to burnout.
    - Invest (your time) in hobbies and social interactions to balance the stress generated by your job.


